in a small town away from the mountains
of Peru for two days a year
Sin does not exist and everything is allowed
this is the premise of a movie
called made in usa 'made in usa' is a
co-production of 2006 between Peru and
Spain and it's the story of the daughters of
deeply a village
religious that gives you a series of forts
and colorful twists to Catholic theology
from Good Friday to Sunday
of resurrection god is dead
while in much of the world
this means living with solemnity of
mournful anniversary in this village
means we are free
the wind that starts to cost in the
night
why
maybe it sounds like a light comedy of
tangles maybe a little drama with one
that another peccadillo that comes out of
control but it's not like that
this movie is a tragedy once
notice them has a slow slow pace
slow most of the shots are
dedicated to contemplation already know what
I speak not see not observe but contemplate
sometimes it's boring but more
often feels implacable not
allows you to rest from the harsh reality
of this community immersed in poverty and
lack of expectations and hope of
almost all the characters
in fact the protagonist is savior
a Spanish geologist soulless and almost
catatonic that comes from Lima is its crossing
Through the town we are surprised by the
celebration of the high days and the
mayor or butler as they call him
imprisoned escapes easily but the
True padlock is the beautiful in Genoa
made in usa
yes made in usa
who against the wishes of his
overprotective and overly affectionate dad
and his envious sister wants to run away from
people and I in savior a ticket
exit to the capital and something more
have you seen his eyes I have to
be watching
they are more sad graphics like
magazines I do not tell you more about the
story because everything is so strange to
sometimes oblivious sometimes uncomfortably
similar to our own hodgepodge
religious and philosophical
for example mother do us the
privilege 'I think of interpreting the
Virgin Mary in what seems like
catwalk beauty contest
then the colorful and extravagant
celebrations the inscrutable rites that
strange mixture of cordiality and shyness
covering a latent threat by
moments is frightening you do not know
never what will be behind until the act
more generous
you did not know
let's do
made in usa is the young and talented
magaly soler who already has a modest
filmography his sister liliana song and
saviors carlos de la torre las
performances of made in usa his sister and
his father are practically perfect the
subtlety of gazes
walking small speaks frank but
fearful not with the authentic
Peruvian villagers but Mexicans and
I felt it could be a documentary
with hidden cameras the huge
conflict between the overwhelming rules
religious and their wishes and ambitions
personal can be felt
in the case of salvador
is the least human character minus
thinking less reaction before is what
it is called a catalytic protagonist who
unwillingly it causes things
happen around him but he can not
he does not know how to intervene
the end I find it hard to interpret it
if you see this movie which
I recommend you ask this question that
final matches what we know of the
characters and their circumstances or what
The screenwriter took out the sleeve for
leave us speechless as if they leave us
well this is all for today
and yes more than illusion exists
until times
two saints pass in times ' it is not who
going